cran-comments.md, before:

## Test environments

* local: Apple Silicon macOS 12.3.0; Darwin 21.4.0; R 4.1.0
* win-builder: windows-x86_64-devel; R 4.2.0
* rhub: Debian Linux (R 4.1.0); Oracle Solaris 10, x86, 32 bit (R 4.1.0)

## R CMD check results

### macOS:

0 errors | 0 warnings | 1 note

- This is a new release.

**This is a new submission.**

### Windows:

0 errors | 0 warnings | 2 notes

- Possibly misspelled words in DESCRIPTION:
  Barttorvik (4:9, 10:5)
  
**This is the name of the website and not a misspelling.**
  
- Found the following (possibly) invalid URLs:
  URL: https://barttorvik.com/
    From: inst/doc/introduction.html
          README.md
    Status: 403
    Message: Forbidden
    
**This is the correct URL and directs to the website in the README. For whatever reason, the website denies the default user agent of R on Windows, so this returns a 403 error. I have spoken with the site owner, and he confirms that the user agent is actively being denied but does not know why. I worked with him to resolve this issue for the functions, and everything in the package works as intended.**

### Linux (Debian)

0 errors | 0 warnings | 1 note

- Possibly misspelled words in DESCRIPTION:
  Barttorvik (4:9, 10:5)
  
**This is the name of the website and not a misspelling.**

### Solaris:

0 errors | 0 warnings | 1 note

- This is a new release.

**This is a new submission.**

Commit message:

update with cran comments and push 1.0.2

cran-comments.md, after:

## Updated submission

Updated package with recommendations from first CRAN submission. These include:

- Omitted 'Functions' from package title
- Provided links to utilized web services in DESCRIPTION
- Changed logical variables package-wide from 'T' and 'F' to 'TRUE' and 'FALSE'
- Added `\values{}` field to function documentation

## Test environments

* local: Apple Silicon macOS 12.3.0; Darwin 21.4.0; R 4.1.0
* win-builder: windows-x86_64-devel; R 4.2.0
* rhub: Debian Linux (R 4.1.0); Oracle Solaris 10, x86, 32 bit (R 4.1.0)

## R CMD check results

### macOS:

0 errors | 0 warnings | 1 note

- This is a new release.

**This is a new submission.**

### Windows:

0 errors | 0 warnings | 2 notes

- Possibly misspelled words in DESCRIPTION:
  Barttorvik (4:9, 10:5)
  
**This is the name of the website and not a misspelling.**
  
- Found the following (possibly) invalid URLs:
  URL: https://barttorvik.com/
    From: inst/doc/introduction.html
          README.md
    Status: 403
    Message: Forbidden
    
**This is the correct URL and directs to the website in the README. For whatever reason, the website denies the default user agent of R on Windows, so this returns a 403 error. I have spoken with the site owner, and he confirms that the user agent is actively being denied but does not know why. I worked with him to resolve this issue for the functions, and everything in the package works as intended.**

### Linux (Debian)

0 errors | 0 warnings | 1 note

- Possibly misspelled words in DESCRIPTION:
  Barttorvik (4:9, 10:5)
  
**This is the name of the website and not a misspelling.**

### Solaris:

0 errors | 0 warnings | 1 note

- This is a new release.

**This is a new submission.**
